that's why I'm interviewing a twitch
streamer today and it's kind of an
interesting story we're gonna get into
it in just a second but first let me
introduce Yoona to the stream that is
how it's pronounced sorry at the age of
silent yes okay
there's no it's not like Yoon ha nope
it's you ah okay do you say that
whatever the introduced to you say do
you say hello my name is Yoon ah ha no I
just say hey my name is Yoona okay good
well whatever we got that out of the way
so let's see I don't actually it's very
hard I've been trying to think about how
to even begin this interview because I
think there's an interesting story
around you that took play the place this
week but it starts off kind of strange
and so I don't the purpose this
interview is not going to be talking
about you and bio Frost or whatever I
think that's like a fun meme and that's
good but like that's not the interesting
story here but we have to talk about a
little bit at the start just to
understand the context so first off you
know let's just say how long have you
been streaming for consistently starting
probably last September end of September
last September okay so like nine months
or so mm-hmm maybe maybe eight and what
how many people of you ten have you been
generally streaming to about I've had
like maybe anywhere from thirty to sixty
viewers couldn't currently thirty to
sixty okay well this week how many
people have you been streaming -
generally speaking oh my god like a
couple days ago is 2000 and then before
that I mean after that a thousand and
then today somewhere around the 300 okay
- so really like your stream has at
least five X and in some cases like ten
or twenty axed alright so how how did
this all happen because I want like
we'll start we'll talk a little bit
about you coming on to double-a stream
in a second but I actually do not know
how was how did doublelift who was
streaming without frost first find out
about you um okay so there's this viewer
that I have his name is EXO underscore
kid yeah and he had I guess he kept
asking me about bio Frost
and then he donated and sent a clip of
me saying hi to bio frost just sound
like hello or hi in the clip yeah
okay yeah I guess he's a huge bio frost
fan okay double a fan as well and then I
guess doublelift played it and then
onstream
to him letting bio frost see it and it
was just you saying like hi bio frost
yeah while doing with bio Frasca okay
and then and you were streaming at the
time when this happened right yes okay
so when did you become aware that this
that there was a conversation taking
place for you or with you and about you
on doublelift stream um when the
viewercount jumped up to like one to two
hundred and I was like what the hell
like who hosted me but nobody hosted me
and then they kept seeing double if
double it is watching your video and I
was like what okay so then at some point
in time you ended your stream right and
you actually went to SS chat yeah okay
so what what happened what happened
there um I don't know I just like said
hi and I was like stressing like I'm not
wearing makeup I think it frustrated me
that he kept losing like yeah she's yeah
that's Peter so Peter just said stupid
and then that upset you so you know
it's not like you were going to the
stream to like hey let me go like hit up
by o frost or whatever you were just
like yo I'm not worried wake up you
yeah don't talk like I was like
trying to like defend myself and then it
all went down like that like he just
invited me to call setting aside all
that stuff with bio frost I this this is
you know I was watching your stream
later on some crazy stuff happens so I
think kind of the interesting story to
me about all this stuff is that
basically because of the attention of
like one really big streamer you and a
kind of a funny circumstance that took
place there you've had maybe one of the
crazier weeks of your life I assume or
maybe one of the more exciting weeks of
your life so maybe you can
to me just a little bit about what this
experience has been like and what the
fallout has been from sort of the like
getting so much attention from one of
the bigger streamers it's it was at
first it was nerve-racking I was like I
remember I streamed after the whole like
video came out whatever and I had to end
stream early because I was like very
uncomfortable streaming in front of so
many people and then after that after I
got a little more comfortable
talk talk to my friends talk to some of
the viewers in discord I felt more
comfortable with streaming so I mean
it's really exciting I'm like really
thankful for like this whole situation
and doublelift and like yeah I'm just
like really thankful that this really
like boosted my viewership and people
can get to know me for who I am now
instead of like judging I guess yeah so
it's like yeah I'm thankful because you
I mean well just so you had a couple
thousand people watching you you've now
like you're one of I don't say like one
of the top league legend streamers but
you're you're frequently up in the first
couple rows whenever you're streaming
and so you kind of have this like much
broader community I'm sure that's had a
bit of a financial impact for you too
right oh yeah I mean I finally reach 150
subs that I've been trying to reach for
like several months yeah cuz you wait
you were an affiliate right you're not
even a partner I'm not a partner I'm an
affiliate I was watching your stream a
couple days ago and some crazy stuff
started to go down right oh the
donations yeah so maybe you can talk a
little bit about that oh yeah that was
so random I was just in a game and
somebody donated $1,000 then somebody
else donated $1,000 and somebody else or
this the other person donated $2,000 to
top the second person and then the other
one donated $2,000 to top the other
person and then the last one was like
I'll just donate an extra thousand okay
so like oh basically
the creek and the space of like 20
minutes or so you got like seven
thousand dollars in donations yeah yeah
I was insane there was like a bit of a
background as to why like this week and
everything that was kind of happening
like what meant so much to you right oh
okay so this is what I call my unicorn
way is um like kind of how I grew up
kind of influenced why I stream so I
dealt with like depression really bad
last year and like resulting in suicidal
idealization and I had to get
professional help but before that it all
led to like not having a family a family
when you call it a family support system
because you know when I was 12 I I lost
my brother to suicide and a couple years
later I lost my father and there was a
lot of like weird maybe like sexual
abuse going on like in my early toddler
years so I just like won through like so
many things this is why kids are so
important to me by the way but I just
went through so many things I didn't
deal with I just kind of kept moving on
from each thing I kept it a secret
you know I saw help for my friends but
you know when you're so young nobody
really understands that kind of thing
like the losing your brother losing your
dad and my dad was my best friend
and so um eventually like my
relationship my with my mom wasn't so
great so I ended up moving out at 17 and
I worked really hard and put myself
through school and um you know kind of
just didn't deal with it until last year
and last year at all like fell on me and
I realized like I didn't
feel like I had like a family to come
home to I felt like people were
constantly judging me I just didn't feel
like like cared for or like I could come
home to a cooked meal like I didn't feel
that and I wanted people in my community
to feel like they can come back to a
place where they're accepted for who
they are and didn't have to hide
anything like that's what I wanted and
that's why I care for kids so much
that's why a lot of the things that I do
is for the kids in the community because
kids don't choose what happened to them
adults make choices and have
consequences right but kids don't
they're put in that situation and it's
not their fault so that's why I like you
know I know the gaming community has
like a lot of like growing teenagers and
and and I know that like right now
parenting is like not at its finest for
some so I think like that's what I want
to do with my time in the future like I
want to give back to kids yeah I mean
one of the things that was it was
interesting to me is that you were kind
of mentioning the effect that having the
twitch and discord community that you
had kind of grown had had had on you
right you had mentioned that you had
sort of built some friendships that were
really significant and relationships out
of this and it it was just kind of an
interesting story to me oh yeah
like oh my god my community my desk or
community and my stream community was
always there like sometimes I like
literally when I was battling my
depression last year like I would be I
would be up at 3:00 in the morning
crying and like really like feeling like
I had nothing to go to and then I'd put
a message in this cord like hey guys
like the D word depression is really
coming back in again and
would just stick with me through the
night people would always be on on
discord so I can call them and talk to
them and it's a benign like man they've
always been there for me they're so
supportive yeah so I mean so that that
was one of the like hearing that story
was interesting to me and kind of neat
because you it you would kind of mention
like you you worked you didn't go out
that often and like it almost seemed
like the discord community and the
twitch community that you had kind of
built around your stream was had become
like your support system and the people
that you you really went to I I mean
what just out of curiosity like what
were the initial reasons that you behind
the reason to sort of start streaming
and putting yourself out there and and
trying to grow a community so after all
my so ironically last June all my
friends moved away because they got jobs
and things like that um and I was just
here like all of a sudden like just
really alone in in my like room
apartment whatever and I was just like
man I tried streaming like before and I
just never really had like the equipment
to do so and I just thought I'd just do
it and try and stay consistent with it
and it turns out that it led me to
building a family like an online family
yeah you know one of the fun things too
was when I saw you get those donations
you kind of talked about the material
impact that they would have on your life
like not only you know you mentioned
being able to go to twitchcon and also
kind of like a college loan situation oh
yeah I could pay off some of my student
loans and then I don't know there's like
so much I can do with that money give a
little bit back to the Children's
Hospital near me I have a really good
relationship with the Children's
Hospital near me and I mean
definitely puts them away because
everybody is talking about now I had to
pay taxes on it yeah and yeah and I did
start a donation fun to go to twitchcon
but I ended up just like not not being
able to use that money for twitchcon yet
because I wasn't able to reach my goal
but now I so oh nice okay so you're
saying like like you had not hit the
goal before but you've been able to with
this yeah yeah so you're going at
twitchcon now yeah I'm assuming that
those don't get charged back I guess cuz
that's like always a concern with
anonymous donations online or whatever
but you mentioned that they had said
that that there wasn't any kind of
concern for that yeah they said that but
yeah I mean you never know people on the
Internet so I'm just gonna play it a
little bit safe yeah wait a little bit
yeah
what is it concerning to you or is it
exciting I mean what what is it like for
you because you had like kind of this
consistent 30 to 60 people now you've
got hundreds of people coming to your
streams sometimes haters who have seen
the video and decided that they want to
you know be say shitty thinks to you
because of the way that your popularity
grew or anything like that I mean what
what is it like for you to sort of have
a go from the small community this big
one is that this is good is it bad as it
scary I mean what what kind of is that
experience like it's scary but I'm
embracing it it's it's good because now
I like I mean there's so many streamers
who like want to be as fortunate as this
you know so it makes me feel
appreciative makes me feel really happy
a little bit cocky but you know I've got
my friends to put me down off yeah you
were yelling at one of you I saw
somebody show up on your stream the
other day and he's like hey good to see
you it's so great to see you i've always
been supporting you or whatever in you
and I mean you're like I just see you
for a while
now you're back yeah I remember okay
yeah yeah I know like oh yeah
it also brings up like all these people
that like I've never talked to you in a
while like random people that I went to
my high school like our DME means like
oh I saw you in double this video and I
was like and then they start telling me
how to
like how to like become an even bigger
streamer I'm like wait I've been even
talk to you for five years yeah but you
know I get it I totally get it you know
so I just answer their questions and
enjoy a nice you know a conversation
with them excuse oh so do you think this
is like a significant moment for you
like basically you're you're you know
going on Peter stream and sort of having
that funny moment like it's pretty much
changed you know not like a very
dramatic way but in a significant way
kind of your day to day life or your
week to week life because you have kind
of this bigger bigger stream yeah it
feels like more of a responsibility like
this is what I wanted you know I wanted
I wanted a bigger community I wanted to
be able to influence and be have people
be a part of a community where they fit
in like this is this is what I wanted
the more people I can reach out the
better you know but at the same times it
feels like it is a bigger responsibility
so right now since like the momentum is
there I want to be able to like grow my
stream from it and like keep keep
consistent and go to work come straight
you know I want to I want to really
maximize the potential from this one
incident you know who wouldn't right
yeah but and I know that like I have to
like keep a healthy mind as well and I
have to be healthy mentally and
physically for my community as well sure
yeah you people can't see this because
the way we crop this I guess you can
maybe move it into the camera but you
you have maybe one of the more unique
microphone setups on Twitch do you want
to talk a little bit about this at the
end oh do they show it I'm gently
lifting it up okay so can you like this
view has become a bit of a signature
it's hard to hear you sometimes because
of this but like do you want to talk a
little bit about how this ended up
becoming your your audio setup so the
blue Yeti mic that I had purchased for
stream I'm gonna put it back down
it had it had it kept picking up my air
conditioning in the background and I
didn't know how to like adjust again so
I was like you know what screw it I'm
just gonna get one of those mics you
attached to your shirt because that only
picks up your voice right like people do
that for like interviews or TV shows and
stuff so I got it and I put on my shirt
and when I was playing league I guess I
play like aggressively
some like moving my like body yeah and
so like it was swishing on the mic and
stuff and people are like is it windy
I'm you're in your room like what's that
noise and I was like oh it's the mic so
I just threw it on the floor cuz I was
eating a cake and then yeah it's just I
started using it yeah okay well it's
good to have that context cuz I'm sure a
lot of people who visit your stream will
ask about it I know so much that you've
created like a little bit of a command
so that twitch I can can pop it up yeah
do you have anything that you want to
say to any of the small streamers out
there that are streaming to maybe 2 or 3
or 5 or 10 or 20 people consistently and
they look at streamers like pokey or
doublelift or summat or whoever else and
sort of like look up at you know the
tens of thousands of people that are
watching us those folks you know
anything that you want to say based on
what this experience was like for you
yeah so a couple streamers already
reached out to means like asked me for
advice but honestly I I'm gonna be a
hundred percent honest you can put in
the hard work and be consistent but
there is some luck and this was
definitely that and I can't tell you how
to do it but I can tell you what I did
and I lighted with stay consistent and
an opportunity just arose so I can't
give you the full solution on how to
become a streamer I just got really
fortunate yeah yeah anything to save you
and the people that kind of want to come
check out your stream or you know what
is your stream about like you talked a
little bit about
but you know what what can people expect
from your stream and if they decided
like joining the discord and try to
become part of the community that you're
cultivating like what what should they
expect and and what kind of people are
you looking to hang out with oh okay
yeah anybody who feels like they need a
community or some sort of support system
definitely come join my discord it
everybody there is there for you for
support and I know a lot of people look
to me because like I made the community
whatever but the community has literally
helped me so like I didn't really do
anything for the community they've
helped me so join that community if you
like and my stream is like I'm
definitely a personality streamer like
nobody comes to my stream for quality
gameplay beyond it oh bye okay I'm
definitely like I'm learning to like I
played ADC for two months and I'm
learning it's definitely fun you can
watch me grow into an LCS player I'll
definitely be challenger by season 15 so
look forward to that and then kind of
the last thing I want to say is like one
of the things and as much as I love
Peter I don't think he did this thing
like this whole situation altruistic
aliy you know like I think he thought it
was funny but one of the things that I
have really enjoyed about this is that
it's it's been really fun to see
especially in the past like a year or so
since I left yo I've taken like an
interest in sort of seeing these small
twitch communities and how they kind of
grow and how they are based around one
thing it's it's it just been kind of
cool to me to see the impact that like
one streamer who has like a relatively
big following can make by just
highlighting or having like a funny
circumstance with one of the smaller
streamers so I don't know it's I I don't
know what your take is on that but I
think it's just kind of cool to sort of
see the impact that a big streamer can
make I think it'd be kind of cool to see
big streamers mentor or kind of like
find smaller streamers that they liking
and grow them a little bit I don't know
if you have a take on that yeah I I
think it's good yes okay that's it
that's all I used anything to say to any
of the people out there watching or any
of the people that you know why anything
in particular you want to say the fans
at the end of this hey thanks for all
the support yeah that's all I can say
thanks for all the support and
encouragement yeah
I'm sure people can see you at twitchcon
if they make it up yeah very good thank
you so much you know for the interview
really nice to talk to you tonight
yeah nice to talk to you too he